# # IncomingNumberResultAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**capabilities** | [**\FreeClimb\Api\Model\Capabilities**](Capabilities.md) |  | [optional]
**campaign_id** | **string** | The campaign ID generated by the campaign registry | [optional]
**phone_number_id** | **string** | String that uniquely identifies this phone number resource. | [optional]
**account_id** | **string** | ID of the account that owns this phone number. | [optional]
**application_id** | **string** | ID of the Application that FreeClimb should contact if a Call or SMS arrives for this phone number or a Call from this number is placed. An incoming phone number is not useful until associated with an applicationId. | [optional]
**phone_number** | **string** | Phone number in E.164 format. | [optional]
**alias** | **string** | Description for this phone number. Typically the conventionally-formatted version of the phone number. | [optional]
**region** | **string** | State or province of this phone number. | [optional]
**country** | **string** | Country of this phone number. | [optional]
**voice_enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the phone number can handle Calls. Typically set to true for all numbers. | [optional]
**sms_enabled** | **bool** | Indication of whether the phone number can handle sending and receiving SMS messages. Typically set to true for all numbers. | [optional]
**offnet** | **bool** | The offnet field is a boolean representing whether the number is offnet registered or not. This field will be rendered only for requests to the IncomingPhone number resource. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
